Jean/update heterogeneity plots styling + fix Fed-ISIC umap reproducibility (#228)
owkin/FLamby: README.md

python lidc_heterogeneity_plot.py
```
- [Fed-ISIC2019](./flamby/datasets/fed_isic2019/README.md)

> **You need to first deactivate color constancy normalization when preprocessing the dataset (cc=False in resize_images.py)**

Author: ```suggestion
**In order to exactly reproduce the plot in the article, one needs to first deactivate color constancy normalization when preprocessing the dataset (change `cc` to `False` in `resize_images.py`) when following download and preprocessing instructions [here](./flamby/datasets/fed_isic2019/README.md).  Hence one might require to download the dataset a second time, if it was already downloaded, and to potentially update `dataset_location.yaml` files accordingly.**
```

> ```

Reviewer: It is not clear in the readme that running heterogeneity pics requires preprocessing of the datasets.

cd flamby/datasets/fed_heart_disease
python heterogeneity_plot.py
```
- [Fed-Camelyon16](./flamby/datasets/fed_camelyon16/README.md)

> First concatenate as many matter image patches from Hospital 0 and Hospital 1 as can be fit in

Author: ```suggestion
First concatenate as many 224x224 image patches extracted from regions on the slides containing matter from Hospital 0 and Hospital 1 (see what is done in the [tiling script](./flamby/datasets/fed_camelyon16/dataset_creation_scripts/tiling_slides.py) as can be fit in
```
